let's face it with the size and
fragility of phones these days they need
protecting from themselves which is why
some form of case is always it
recommended but you want something
that's not going to inhibit or restrict
the phone in any way and this is where
the official samsung galaxy s4
protective cover plus comes in handy
even if it does have an incredibly long
name now with it being an official case
it is pretty pricey costing 15 pounds or
around at twenty dollars but what you
guarantee with such a purchase is that
it will fit perfectly and it will spot
some nice official logos this a
particular version of the case has a
black trim that surrounds the edge of a
phone while the back is comprised of a
navy blue color with light blue logos
the case is also available in pink green
light blue and white putting the case on
is an absolute doddle as I'm showing you
right here the edges of the case flex
nicely enough to slot the phone into
position and then tightly wrap
themselves into the phone it's a nice
snug fit with zero chance of a phone
popping out and this is what the phone
looks like with the case on my general
impression is understated perhaps even a
little boring over than a slightly
different color scheme the phone doesn't
look any different crucially however it
certainly feels different first of all
the size of a phone have a nice rubbery
texture to them which increases the grip
but at the same time the phone doesn't
feel any bigger or fatter which is very
important considering that this phone is
already a beast the phone feels as free
and mobile as it would do without a case
it doesn't get in the way of how you
would normally use a phone as I said
earlier it's understated and quietly
does its job the back of a phone feels
rock-solid or at least as rock solid as
hard plastic and feel I have however
already noticed a few scuffs and
scratches on the back so it does mark
easily but this texture is a million
times better than the rubbish back
plague that comes with the phone which
is thin flimsy and seems to attract
moisture for fun making it a very
slippery surface now for a crucial
aspect of the case I have mentioned
before that I feel that the power
on the galaxy s4 is too shallow and not
sensitive enough thankfully the
protective cover plus case completely
solved this issue power and volume
buttons are molded into the case and if
we look on the inside of these buttons
they have centralized rounded points
which focus the pressure point directly
onto the buttons this means that you can
easily feel attacked our buttons and
when you press them they always register
it might sound like a small detail but
you take stuff like this for granted and
when it's not done right you really
notice and of course if the case is
really easy to put on it's really easy
to take off so in summary if you're
looking for a case that does all the
important things like protecting the
phone without interfering with the way
you handle it and fixes that silly power
button issue this is well worth
purchasing however if you're looking for
something a little more exciting and
cheaper then stay tuned for more case
reviews in the near future thanks for
watching and I'll see you again soon in
another video a Felix video